# About-Me-Team-Collab

This was an incredible project to make. There was so much creative freedom especially as my collab partner gave me so much to work off of. He told me that he really loved earthy themes, open spaces, having decorated his own room with vines and such. He told me he likes shades of green so it went hand in hand. A constant theme he had mentioned was that he was very unserious and sarcastic. He really loves to laugh and smile, and have that same effect on others. My main goal of this project was to make him laugh while incorporating as many images I could find that fit the description of his favorite shows and games. The first quote on top relates to him speaking about how he wants to be a constant source of humor and joy even when he's old, always having that sparkle in his eye that he sees in some old people that he admires. The second quote relates to him saying that he doesn't really like attention and believes people have to earn respect, not that they don't start with respect, but that they quickly lose it from him if they act up. I made sure to represent him as best as I could, and tried to find some humor within the text here and there when I could. I wanted him to feel proud of who he is just by seeing the page as that is how he made me feel when I saw the page for me. I felt heard and made sure he was too, representing everything he stands for and what he's accomplished while hopefully making him and anyone who see it laugh. I put Yoshi at the footer for some fun as he's one of his favorite characters and thought it would be a cool touch. I made this project using HTML and CSS, using flexbox to align my content.
